Restructure Local Development Docs + Add "Customize Images" Content (#82)
astronomer/cloud-docs: docs/test-and-troubleshoot-locally.md

---
sidebar_label: 'Testing and Troubleshooting'
title: 'Test and Troubleshoot Locally'
id: test-and-troubleshoot-locally
---

## Overview

As you develop data pipelines on Astronomer, we strongly recommend running and testing your DAGs locally before deploying your project to a Deployment on Astronomer Cloud. This document provides information about testing and troubleshooting DAGs in a local Apache Airflow environment with the Astronomer CLI.

## Run a Project Locally

> Whenever you want to test your code, the first step is always to start a local Airflow environment. To run an Airflow locally, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever you want to test your code, the first step is always to start a local Airflow environment. To build your Astronomer project locally, run:
```

```sh
astro dev start

> ```

Reviewer: Thoughts on just cutting this out and keeping the last sentence here that links out to develop project?

For more information about running your project locally, read [Build and Run a Project](develop-project#build-and-run-a-project).

## View Airflow Task Logs

You can view logs for individual tasks in the Airflow UI. This is useful if you want to troubleshoot why a specific task instance failed or retried.

To access these logs:

> 1. Access the Airflow UI in your local Airflow environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Access the Airflow UI in your local Airflow environment by going to http://localhost:8080.
```
